ay  would people say this is a really difficult video cinema
because  they're going to talk about breaking up with their girlfriends or something this is reediculous
me  to make a another this really effeminate
because  i do not want to read out any of the quotations from began
extremists  that i basically need to employ to make this video that monsieur
two  why i generally don't care for began behavior is that your often agressive and hostile
and  it's not often that i agree with something the young turks say but they did do a segment on begins
which  i think some of my views toward the issue pretty nicely peta icon be extremists
in  some way peacetime wayoosemegooyun
totateeta  it someway and i think that some resourcelessness
noiselessly
placed  not want to read out any of the quotations from began extremists
that  i basically need to employ to make his
but
ah  we have a real problem you're on your tube if you say something other you tubers
wiped  on a context right they'll take that snippet and then make it seem as if your opinion
is  the exact obstinate like i'm quoting someone else to show how wrong they are
the  manchester is criminal under american law we have really really clear
high  court precedence on that
to  misrepresent some one to make them seem as if their damned of their own mouth in that way
is  especially harshly punished in
mere  man not be illegal where you are but whatever
he
he's  a hard video for pay not for emotional reasons
the  tale is vidonati
there  is really a sense in which roman in makes a valid point but just fails
utterly  fails to provide valid exam
she  talked
what  is the item
is  it a problem
and  i think i am the only
eugene  i know that is really consists
raise  the arm of it that the whole issue my channel it always been talking about that from the one
i
example  is homeward to example given of extremist
is  it a quote
from  the young terror
another  than there's a quote suggesting that petalesharoo
peter  is extreme
look  people the problem with indians the problem extremism in eight pentapolin
any  report which is omitted the u s government
the  breakdown for you their budget there activities base spend millions and millions of
dollars  every year huge huge budget
that
you  know i mean some of it is
hard  to take serious or that way some that is real old school ambulance chasing
activism  tried to create little controversy here and there and scorpiones and
get  as much press coverage as they possibly can for standing up on the issue some its pretty
silly  and a lot of it a lot of it of course it is money spent
we  all see peter earlier this year the filled one
entire  subway station in england where they bought all the advertising
the  whole was as with advertising
now  if that's extremist it paying fair money for advertising space
in  a magazine or a subway station in that extreme is then what isn't
you  it's ridiculous to no pelados not represent extremes
who  does is professor
mantorville  sanatan
and  her whole video would be exponentially
roman  ones history instead of complaining about what some began
instead  of complaining about what anonymous comments on red it
say  began if instead she taken the barbette horns and dealt with just one example
a  true extremist
the
you  can't notice professor best professor steve best
if  you put them into google or you fall the legs of going to provide a little the video it seems like most
of  his action was more round the year
he
there's  a really dramatic story that's written up on two different blogs and
about  the fact that because he was so pro violence
associated  himself with other beacons who are going to engage in threats of violent
sabotage
trespassing  illegal acts of various kinds which he openly praised
openly  praising illegal violent act
but  you know if you are sleep with dogs you stand up with
he
and  eventually he was dealing with threats of violence from people who had been his colleagues
the
some  point there was an internal power struggle
and  he turned to the police for protection and tried to get a restraining order try to get protection against his fellow
actress  who had been his
again  this veil be better if i could read out for you a bunch of quotations than but what
steve
the  stuff is so incendiary and i don't want to be quoted in a context i don't want people to think it's me saying this
that  would be you
but  if you click on the list will this video
to  see words like bloodshed
words  like
revolution  gisela anti capitalist
along  with
frankly  terrorist
and  for many years he was going around on the vegan lecture
seemingly  respectable
lectures
but  if you go past the site
beneath  that the ear is not worth
actually  worthy of our
and  again i wish i could tell you we had a lively intellectual discourse going on here within began and where
other  people would criticize that
discussed  and well understood
but  no i don't know any channel of them my own that ever tackled
i  received a lot of criticism
many  many veins would agree with steve best post
for  example a university professor who engages the vivid
cancer  re
they  are exploit
torture
steve  best believes that the use of violence
and  terrorism against the person like
is  more just
given  these are professor on university campus and
campus
and  tried to radical ize stud
pretty  quickly what direction that's going to take and you can imagine pretty easily what a
dim  view the bi would have
activity  great
so  it's not even the case that you can say this is something that goes down a slippery slope
or  spirals out of control
step  one is out
it's  bad in principle and in practice it already evil when you're at the top of
the  slope
those  issues that are really worth
it's  unfortunate that someone like
decided  to take
taking
interest  it's teletypes that would actually
a  parallel from another walk of life and then a lot of historical research like coverin
lonelier  both political sins
i  have written many papers with the history
i  am not a
could  make a
criticizing  come
utterly  unreasonable and over the top
being  applied to
germany
but  that would be quite reasonable or quite accurate
as  applied to cambodia
and  now are not saying this because it would be an east german society
the  difference between the two is extreme so much so that there were in fact refused
from  communism and cambodia not to get the capitalist paradise but to get
to  eastern
and  those guys will tell you themselves just how stark direct
east  germany was a society controlled by
police
amazing  levels of
repression
but  nevertheless
start  start contra
the  daily real
in  cambodia in
so  when constructing an argument
and  trying to make it
of
the  extremism she complains about within
does  it exist
is  there an one on
if  you're going to be an intellectual and opinion maker
possibly  a leader and organizer and began as as a movement is there a noosance to
really  criticize itself
thoroughly  and to write the constitute
a  manifesto
for  o organizations in a way that excludes those things in a way that very clearly defines where
we  stand and that were not on that surelee or not the toleration as that
yes  there is an onerous there's an obligation is to define where we stand and point of just
how  different we are
for  people like
to  support that we don't compromise
however  we can also say that even if the
made  herself
just  attributing these
so
an  incredibly weak basis
weak  if you're just criticizing things that some feminists
it  using
what
and  even worse
doing  the little bit of
you  know working
real  life
just  imagine for a second if every ideology in the world behave that way if
every  ideology out there acted like the people who didn't agree with them were monster
my  dear could in there i soon more
you  we have some one
i  think the greatest advantage we have is the ability to talk about
really  troubling to me that at one point in her video she turns to the audience and
vegas  ask yourself
how  would you feel to living in a war
where  one ideology treated other ideologies or treated the outsiders that
the
i  don't know what world you live in
if  every ideology out there acted like the people who didn't agree with them were monsters
i  don't know how do i
regard
how  do muslims
do  you have expert
on  ideological is
because  in that context of ontell you in her complaints
somehow
unconscionably  unforgivably cruel to
well  compared to what
compared  to any really deep divisions
compared  to the way that communists
capitalist
or  the way fascists
socialist
i  actually
even  that little part of raw argue
not
is  not meaningful it makes itself ridiculous
because  of her failure to use
we  have a lot of disadvantages
advantages  we
nobody  is going to cut us off and put in an advertise
beer  commercial or what
can  sit down and talk about hey this is where i'm coming from this is my expert
looking  at
internal
and  i'm really going to tell you that my
could  say
i've  got experience in all those walks
but  i
and  let me
the  level of
and  real company
level  of meaningful
of  really being
where  we regard you as on
that  causes suffering animals destroys the environment and even destroys your one
actually  i think if you're going to put it in that comparative content
were  you compare ideologies like communism
religions
he
but  now ye